I want to make django web app fire control system 
including information post sys for fire watch team and alert sys by using cctv data 
(currently a fake data will be used for cctv to test) 
and stellite data (currently a fake data will be used for stellite to test).

there must be login / register sys to manage fire control watch accounts 
and fire team user accounts.

#fire watch team acc permission
the admin acc will be able to see the fire alert info and the fire status. can manage the fire team acc.
can manage the fire alert info. can post the fire alert info.
can contact to any fire team acc for emergency report by using the chat function.
can control fire pump and water sprayer by using the control function.
can check the fire status by using the status function.
can check the fire sprinkler device status by using the sprinkler device status function.
can check the fire extinguisher status by using the extinguisher status function.
can check the fire alarm status by using the alarm status function.
can check the fire water tank status by using the water tank status function.
can check the fire door status by using the door status function.
can check the fire evacuation route by using the evacuation route function.
can use the automatic fire extinguisher by using the auto extinguisher function.
can use the automatic fire sprinkler by using the auto sprinkler function.
can use the automatic fire alarm by using the auto alarm function.
can use the automatic fire door by using the auto door function.
can use the automatic fire evacuation route by using the auto evacuation route function.
can monitor the fire fighting team status by using the team status function.
can monitor the fire fighting team location by using the team location function.
can monitor the fire fighting team action by using the team action function.
can monitor the fire fighting team communication by using the team communication function.
can monitor the fire fighting team equipment by using the team equipment function.
can monitor the fire fighting team action by using the team action function.
can contact to hospital by using the hospital function.
can contact to police by using the police function.
can contact to other fire department by using the fire department function.
can contact to traffic police by using the traffic police function.
can contact to rescue team by using the rescue team function.

#fire fight team acc permission
the fire team acc will be able to see the fire alert info and the fire status. 
can contact to any admin for emergency report by using the chat function.
can see the fire alert info and the fire status.
can see the fire sprinkler device status by using the sprinkler device status function.
can see the fire extinguisher status by using the extinguisher status function.
can see the fire alarm status by using the alarm status function.
can see the fire water tank status by using the water tank status function.
can see the fire door status by using the door status function.
can see the fire evacuation route by using the evacuation route function.
can call for help by using the help function.
can see the fire fighting team status by using the team status function.
can see the fire fighting team location by using the team location function.
can see the fire fighting team action by using the team action function.
can see the fire fighting team communication by using the team communication function.
can see the fire fighting team equipment by using the team equipment function.
can communicate with the team member by using the chat function.



TODO:
=== Creation alerts is in error. 
=== Team member section to finish